This project primarily implements RabbitMQ functionality (send message -> RabbitMQ -> receive message). RabbitMQ is the message-sending project, and Receiving is the message-receiving project.
1.	Before starting, ensure that RabbitMQ is already running. (After Docker is installed, you can run the following command in PowerShell or Docker to install RabbitMQ: docker run -d --name rabbitmq -p 5672:5672 -p 15672:15672 rabbitmq:management. Note: If RabbitMQ has already been installed, you can start it with the command: docker start rabbitmq.)
2.	Right-click the "Solution" -> Properties -> Common Properties -> Startup Project -> select "Multiple startup projects", then configure both RabbitMQ and Receiving to start with IIS Express, and click OK.
3.	Click "Start" (F5) in Visual Studio. The sending page (RabbitMQ's Index.cshtml) and the receiving page (Receiving's Index.cshtml) will be launched simultaneously. At the same time, you can also access the RabbitMQ management page at http://localhost:15672/ to view message details (message count, message content, etc.).
4.	Click the "Send message to Queue 1" or "Send message to Queue 2" button on the message-sending page. The page will send 5 messages to RabbitMQ Queue 1 or Queue 2 and display the current status of these 5 messages ("Waiting in message queue"). At this point, on the message-receiving page, click the "Receive Queue 1 messages" or "Receive Queue 2 messages" button to retrieve the latest message from RabbitMQ (clicking again will continue to retrieve the next existing message in RabbitMQ, and so on, until all messages have been consumed). The message content will then be displayed on the page. At this time, you will see on the message-sending page that the status of the consumed messages has changed to "Message has been consumed". Meanwhile, you can view the changes in message count on the RabbitMQ management page (there is usually a delay of a few seconds).
